tiflash: Update TiFlash recommended disk capacity (#2367)
pingcap/docs: reference/tiflash/deploy.md

It is **not** recommended to deploy TiFlash and TiKV on the same disk to prevent mutual interference.

Hard disk selection criteria are the same as [TiFlash standalone deployment](#tiflash-standalone-deployment). The total capacity of the hard disk is roughly: `the to-be-replicated data capacity of the entire TiKV cluster / the number of TiKV replicas * the number of TiFlash replicas`.

> For example, if the overall planned capacity of TiKV is 1TB, with 3 replicas, and TiFlash is 2 replicas, then the recommended capacity of TiFlash will be (1024GB / 3 * 2). You can choose to replicate part of tables instead of all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the overall planned capacity of TiKV is 1TB, each Region in TiKV has 3 replicas, and TiFlash has 2 replicas, then the recommended capacity of TiFlash will be (1024GB / 3 * 2). You can choose to replicate part of tables instead of all.
```
Please check whether my suggestion is technically correct.

> For example, if the overall planned capacity of TiKV is 1TB, each Region in TiKV has 3 replicas, and each Region in TiFlash has 2 replicas, then the recommended capacity of TiFlash will be (1024GB / 3 * 2). You can choose to replicate part of tables instead of all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the overall planned capacity of TiKV is 1TB, each Region in TiKV has 3 replicas, and each Region in TiFlash has 2 replicas, then the recommended capacity of TiFlash will be `1024GB / 3 * 2`. You can choose to replicate part of the tables instead of all.
```
